1. How to do submission on Hackathon?
Answer: Log in to Olympus>Click on ‘Hackathon’ to upload your file
2. Where to check my ranking?
Answer: Leader board.
3. What does accuracy on the Leader board mean?
Answer: If it is a classification problem, then accuracy means the total number of values predicted correctly divided by
the total number of predictions made. In this case, the higher the accuracy the better the model, and the accuracy will
be in percentage. If it is a Regression problem, then the measure of accuracy will be RMSE (Root Mean Square Error). In
this case, the lower the accuracy the better the model, and the accuracy will be in numbers and the range depends on the
context.
4. Are there any restrictions on the number of submissions?
Answer: No. There is no limit on the number of submissions.
5. Will any support be provided for solving the hackathon problem?
Answer: As it is a competition, no help related to the given problem or coding will be given from Great Learning.
6. What is the ideal solution to the problem?
Answer: In Hackathon, you build the capability to come up with multiple approaches to the same problem. In this scenario,
there is no ideal solution. The game is to get to the top by getting the best model accuracy. There might be scenarios
where the model is not the best in terms of implementation in business scenarios because of overfitting. The ideal
solution to this Hackathon will be the one with the best accuracy.
7. What techniques can I use while working with the problem?
Answer: You can use any suitable technique that you are aware of. There are no restrictions as far as any techniques or
tools are concerned.
8. Will I get the model solution once the Hackathon is over?
Answer: No. No solutions to the problem will be provided but you are free to discuss your solutions with your peers.

Note: In case you have any other query apart from the above FAQs please reach out to your Program Manager

Registration Steps- 

1.       Go to your Olympus Dashboard- https://olympus.greatlearning.in/login
2.       Click on the Hackathon Tab:
3.       Click on Practice Hackathon Attrition 
4.       Click on REGISTER 
5.       Please register using your Official Name (as on Olympus) 
6.       Click on SUBMIT once you have entered your name